Add docs on CSM setup without infra monitoring (#26381)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/setup/without_infrastructure_monitoring.md

---

> title: Setting Up CSM without Infrastructure Monitoring

Author: I'm leaving this for now because we use a lot of gerunds in security and it's easier 😂 But I'd like to come back and change it at some point because I am not a gerund fan myself!

---

> You can set up CSM without infrastructure monitoring, so you can save on costs.

Reviewer: Let's not phrase it this way. You ca say something in the lines of:

You can set up CSM with or without Infrastructure Monitoring.

Author: @rajat-luthra-ddog Can we talk a bit about why they would want to? "With or without" is a bit misleading, because the topic focuses on doing it without.

> You can set up CSM without infrastructure monitoring, so you can save on costs.

Reviewer: Let's not phrase it this way. You ca say something in the lines of:

You can set up CSM with or without Infrastructure Monitoring.

**Tip**: In your CSM settings, set up [resource evaluation filters][1] to limit the number of hosts you need security on.

## Set up CSM on your AWS account

1. Go to the [AWS Integration configuration page][2] in Datadog.

> 1. On the **Configuration** tab, select the account you want to enable CSM on.

Reviewer: On the **Configuration** tab, select the account you want to enable CSM on. If the required account is not there, you can add it by clicking ...

> 1. To turn off infrastructure monitoring, under the selected account number, on the **Metric Collection** tab, click the **disable metric collection** link. Then, click **Disable Metric Collection** to confirm.

Reviewer: 1. To turn off infrastructure monitoring on a given account, under the selected account number, on the **Metric Collection** tab, click the **disable metric collection** link. Then, click **Disable Metric Collection** to confirm.

> 1. To turn on CSM, on the **Resource Collection** tab, turn on the **Enable Resource Collection** toggle, and select the **Enable Cloud Security Management** checkbox.

Reviewer: Please add another line that suggests setting up the "Resource evaluation filters" in CSM Settings.

> 1. To turn on CSM, on the **Resource Collection** tab, turn on the **Enable Resource Collection** toggle, and select the **Enable Cloud Security Management** check box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To turn on CSM, on the **Resource Collection** tab, turn on the **Enable Resource Collection** toggle, and select the **Enable Cloud Security Management** checkbox.
```

1. Click **Save**.

## Set up CSM on your Azure subscription

1. Go to the [Azure Integration configuration page][3] in Datadog.

> 1. Select the client ID you want to enable CSM on.

Reviewer: Same comment as above to given them an option to add a new client ID.

1. To turn off infrastructure monitoring, under the selected client ID, on the **Metric Collection** tab, turn off the **Enable Metric Collection** toggle. 

> 1. To turn on CSM, on the **Resource Collection** tab, turn on the **Enable Resource Collection** toggle, and select the **Enable Cloud Security Management** checkbox.

Reviewer: Same comment as above. Please add another line that suggests setting up the "Resource evaluation filters" in CSM Settings.

> 1. To turn on CSM, on the **Resource Collection** tab, turn on the **Enable Resource Collection** toggle, and select the **Enable Cloud Security Management** check box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To turn on CSM, on the **Resource Collection** tab, turn on the **Enable Resource Collection** toggle, and select the **Enable Cloud Security Management** checkbox.
```
